Intro:
1) Navigation bar bounces in from the top.
	- Hover over menu 
		-- submenu transparent
			-- when hovered over the colors of text and background switch 
2) Feeds spiral in from the bottom and layout flat down the page.
	
Main Page Layout
Nav bar: Logo, Drop-down selection menu, List-style drop-down menu

Feeds: Vertical-align=center
	a. Three columns
    b. advertisement(later)
    c. every 4th row - new background image (nightlife/city) 
    (http://www.thedailybeast.com/newsweek/2013/06/26/rick-rubin-on-crashing-kanye-s-album-in-15-days.html)
    d. 

3) Other Pages:

	Categories

		Instead of Home we can call it "Break it down" or "Not Sure?" etc...

		When hovered over - it creates a category list based on hashtags (able to select multiple tags to filter results to taste)
			- bars
			- nightclubs
			- area in the city
			- girls
			- gays
			etc....

	City Map (Geotag)

		Land/Cityscape Map floated to the right side of page.
			a. grab and move
			b. location pins
		Feeds floated to the left
			a. when feed is hovered over, pin glows
			b. when feed is selected, shows images of venue along with the feed below in place of map.
		Glowing Pins point out where the action is according to precise location.


	Noob?

		Explains how the web app works, how to navigation, filter results as desired etc
		Instead of "how to use" or "help"

	What's the Use?

		Tells users what our app does, what they could use it for, emphasizes simplicity and convenience

4) Funding:
	
	i. Create a dope ass presentation with a cinematic video
	ii. Look for interested advertisers
		--make it look beautiful on the site, **can't let them ruin it!!

	iii. 

FUTURE WORK:

	-Articles & Reviews (look for college intern with a communications/english degrees for free)

	- Advertisements
		Put in top nav bar?

	- Photos - permissions from venues/photographers

OFFICE SPACE:

Co-Share
Apartment/House turned into office



